Hello friends, welcome to Parul's Taste.
In this video, I am going to
tell you about one of the best term
insurance plans in India.
You will get to know about it in this video, that is
Side Protect Smart Life
Insurance Plan of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance. In this video, you will
get all the information related to this point
and that too I am going to explain it to you in very simple language. The
subscription is the
lowest. It is a listed company
listed in the share market. The
transparency of the company will be much better. The
company's transparency is good.
Apart from that, if we talk about its starting, then
this company is running since 2001, so it is a
very old company and its solvency
issue is more than 2.15, whereas the ginger
request solan is 1.5, so its 1600 is
much better than the request and the
claim settlement ratio which can also be seen
there is also quite good. So, the
parameters of this company are quite true
that if we talk about the eligibility of the spot term plan, then
any
person whose age is 18 years  It is above and
if situated on the mentioned he can take this policy,
apart from this you
can take the policy for a maximum of 7 years and in this you
can take this policy up to 999, so here if you
want then it is very good for you,
minimum 50 lakhs, there is no limit on the maximum time,
if we talk about premium frequency then
you can make premium payment once,
1 premium payment is also single
premium and you can pay the premium on clearly half yearly and
monthly basis also, if we
talk about premium paying term
then you can pay one premium, you
can make regular premium payment, that is, for as many
years as the policy is for,
apart from this there is an option of limited premium in
which you can get the premium limited as per your wish
and after that let's talk about plain options in it,
before talking about plain option,
I will input these things that
what is included in this policy, so in this there is David
Terminal, that is medium or mid term
insurance, if you want to
subscribe in it then it means you subscribe, then
subscribe to the channel,
here the meaning of terminal to the other channel  It
happens that a
Lord doctor who is a registered doctor
will clarify that this is the option of
death due to this disease in the next six months, if
death occurs then it is
called terminal, there is nothing like that
because this channel is not subscribed
and the second one was Life Plus, what do you get in Live Plus,
you get ABCD, this
10 minute terminal illness cover premium,
permanent disability and accidental death
benefit, accidental death
benefit is available separately, it means
if the death happens due to an accident then the
time of the accident is
available separately, if the death does not happen then the lover will
not get it, you will get it, but in that,
accidental death benefit, if the death has happened in an accident then the
next thing that comes is Life and Help,
what do you get in Life Health, you get all the
options,
you do not get accidental death benefit here, here you get
credit balance benefit additional,
critical illness benefit means,
they have listed some critical illness
Tell me, if those critical illnesses are
diagnosed according to the parameters mentioned by them, then whatever
amount of critical illness benefit
you have left, you get it at the
time of diagnosis so that it can
help you in its treatment.
What is this critical illness, I am going to
tell you further in this video
and the last option that comes is All in One, that is,
if you want to be protected in every way, then
you can take the fourth option which is Valve and in which you have
all the ABCD options. Meghwal said on
Thursday that the meaning of benefit is that
friends, if due to some reason you have stopped subscribing to the appointments at home, then
what happens is that it continues to work as much as
you
want. So,
if we talk about parachute options, that is, if the
insured dies, then the
family
can take the claim as per their choice. So, for that, the family has
four options, first means the entire
time that he gave to the family at one go and
second in when, that is, as much as possible.  It will be
divided into 10 parts and will be
given to you in equal amount in the next 10 years.
This can also be taken in ministerial benefit
and its rate is some
point three position and
according to the ICC products told to you, you will keep getting
monthly installments. This
time is near, you can decide
how much amount is there in case of retirement. It was
given to the family of the subscriber and his family. Whatever amount is there,
like 406 here
is good, it will be given in 10 installments, it will be given
in 10 years by doing six percent.
Next comes the fourth option, that of
increasing income. What happens in this, your
Sameshwar, it is given on the date of interest and
Naveen on the date of nutrition, it is given in 10 years,
but what happens here is that the
amount is deducted every year
soon, it is
said
that if we were talking about teams, we
take a simple list whose condition is smile,
policy, it will be taken here of 20s.  If you are a
non-smoker and Sameshwar takes
accidental death benefit cover of Rs
1 crore and critical illness cover of Rs
25 lakh, then what will be the annual regular
premium, so
we see for different stages, what is the premium of those people in different options,
so here you
can see that if a 30 year old
person takes life option, then he will have to
pay Rs 9500 and Rs 12 there, but
if that person wants to go for all in one option, then
he will have to pay Rs 20,588
every year for the next 20
years, if a 40 year old person
takes life, then he has to pay almost double the premium here, Rs 18506 plus job for 20 years,
and there is GST on it, that is explosives,
so this is the premium, you can see that you should
subscribe as per your wish,
so you can check it in one and a half there, love hatred and your
hatred, whether there is
tax input or
not, if there is no protection, then
You will have to pay separately.
Now when it comes to life stage protection,
you also get life protection here. What does
life protection mean?
What happens in your life?
Some states are known. For example, suppose you are a
bachelor and what happens in your life?
You will get married, you will have your first child, you will have your
second child. As different responsibilities increase in your life,
you want that your
insurance coverage increases accordingly. So, as
soon as you get married,
you can increase it by fifty percent. The maximum
limit is
mentioned here. 50 lakhs. You
can take insurance coverage if you have an
objection on the first child's need. You can increase it, it can go up to
25 lakhs. And on the first child's need, you can increase it by twenty-
five percent.
It can go up to 30 lakhs. If you have a child
and you have a life insurance of one crore, then you will have to pay the
subscription separately and you will have to
subscribe. If you have a second child, you
can get the insurance. And if you have two children, you will have to
subscribe and for that you
Now let's look at the list of critical illnesses. For
cricket, you get cancer. I'm doing it a
little faster. You
can see it by posting it or
go to the product website and see their profile. I've
taken it from there. Its hot
and direct benefit is in that,
so this condition is accounted for in critical illness.
This condition is accounted for in major benefit.
Apart from this, if there is a disease related to the nervous system,
it is accounted for and others are
discounted. Overall,
it is covered under critical illness from 34D.
Now, there are a few things worth noting, please pay
attention to them. You will
not get maturity benefit here because
time benefit is not available; it is a
pure production plan.
Talking about grace period, grace means
you get so many additional times to
pay the premium. If you have
not paid the premium till the last, then
you can pay the premium during the grace period. If
you pay the premium during the grace period, then you  If the claim comes
in the grace period, then this year the company
cannot settle the claim, so
Crested gives you a grace period of 30 days if you make annual or
half-yearly premium payment,
and
if you make a multi-yearly premium payment, you get a
grace period of 15 days. Talking about such people, if you make
regular
pre-payment there, you will
not get any surrender value and if you make a
single limited premium payment,
you will get surrender value but a
lot will be detected on it, so while
taking the policy, think carefully and
read it carefully before choosing the policy, otherwise you will
not get any benefit,
you cannot take any kind of loan under this policy,
along with this, you get a free look
period of 30 days or for
any reason you do
not understand some of the policy terms and conditions and
if you want to cancel the policy, then
you can cancel the policy within this day,
that condition is fitted for free,
some time charges are
worked out like  Stamp duty and
all this is deducted.
In this, Sector-45 application fee
means that according to the guidelines of FD, there is a
section photo of the Insurance Act, according to
which if you have made regular premium payments for three years, then the
cream of your policy
cannot be rejected for any reason if you make regular
premium payments.
If you want to know the full details of this, then I have
made a video, section photo - 1898 RAW, there is a
link to it, there is an eyebrows button above, they are also
coming and I am putting a match in the description box,
there you will get to know its
detailed big guideline,
you must watch this video once and a half
and secondly, let's talk about how you have to buy, then what
you have to do is
go to the website of one and a half inch from here, there
is an option of buy online, from there you can like it, if we
talk about the documents requirement, then
you should have income proof, you can
use salary tips, now you
can submit ITR return,
some documents of address proof are
yours and you also need a PAN card
Now,
you should never forget the things that I am about to tell you. Whether you
take insurance from Spicy Protein or LIC
Celebs, take it from the company,
but never forget these things. First thing is that
while taking the policy, tell the truth to the insurance company whatever they
ask you. Never get
tempted by saying that my salary is low and if I
subscribe to such a disgusting salary slip then
you will not get anything. Secondly, the
policy is for profit. I do
not appoint anyone and I give you the salary but
you have to do your work yourself.
By the way, you get the policy document.
After that, read all the terms and conditions of the policy carefully. This is
important so that you do not regret later. Apart from this, what are the
questions in it, what are the conditions, that too carefully
check the policy document.
If you do not like the policy, get it
cancelled during the free look period itself
because if you cancel it later,
you will lose a lot of your money in surrender value to the
insurance companies.  For
what reason does a claim get rejected?
Friends, I made a video on this in
which we did a lot of research and
found out
why most of the claims get rejected. So
friends, we came to know the eight reasons behind it.
What are those eight reasons? I have
given them in this video. Its link is also
coming up in the description box, you can see it from there. So
friends, I hope you
like the video, so please do not
forget to like it, which motivates us a lot and increases our efforts to
make good videos and share them with you people.
And if you have not subscribed to the channel yet,
then subscribe to it. We will keep providing you very good
informative videos on Vipin Topics
here. And there
is a button of alliance, do not forget to press it
so that you will get the notification of the new video. So,
thank you very much for giving your valuable time.